# Meeting Minutes
## Team #16: Githubbies
### Details 
- **10/25/22 1:00PM - 3:00PM**
- **Location: Geisel Library 2nd Floor**

### Attendance: 
- [x] Gunwoo Kim (Lead)
- [x] Abishek Siva (Lead)
- [x] Maximillian Chen
- [x] Chun Hang Chan
- [x] Raymond Umbas
- [x] Shantelle Serafin
- [x] Jerry Wang
- [x] Xiangyi Lin
- [x] Tianyu Chen
- [x] Hung-I Huang

### Meeting Notes
- worked on things that we have to add to the final pitch document.
- clarified our domain (problem and motivation).
- discussed some competitor apps.
- started working on wireframes and system diagram.
  - we plan to build the system diagram off of wireframes.

### Pitch

document in slack or [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/199mJcNXd3xsJs2knyVH1woEHSiTYlz8NzjEhiBg8Y58/edit)

### TODO
- finish pitch document. 
  - wireframes
  - system diagram
  - user stories
  - additional information (competitor apps)

### Next Meeting
* 10/27/22 2:00PM-3:00PM 
* CSE Basement
