# Meeting Minutes
## Team #16: Githubbies
### Sprint
- **11/14/22 12:30PM-1:00PM**
- **Location: Geisel Library 1st Floor**

### Attendance
- [x] Shubham Kumar (TA)
- [x] Gunwoo Kim (Lead)
- [ ] Abishek Siva (Lead)
- [x] Maximillian Chen
- [x] Chun Hang Chan
- [ ] Raymond Umbas
- [x] Shantelle Serafin
- [ ] Jerry Wang
- [x] Xiangyi Lin
- [x] Tianyu Chen
- [x] Hung-I Huang

### Agenda 
- Sprint Review (.md)
  - Update the work with the TA.
  - Durig TA meeting.
- Sprint Planning
- How to manage the github issues and documents.
- CI/CD pipeline 

### Retrospective Review

- ADRs template done.
- Template of Github issues.
- Clarify how to make branches.

  # Hello Page
    - HTML and Javascript of the front page.
    - Fixed the bugs.
    - Have the localStorage done.

- Assign different works for everyone.
    
### TODO
- Add week time and team labels in Github issues.
- Every document is either having a pull request or merge into the main branch every week.
- Keep working on the pages frontend and backend.
- Having Unit tests for everything.
- Have every page with basic funtionalities by the next week.
- Make sure everyone is doing work.

- End to end testing? Let Max join some group for now, because end to end testing is hard.





