# Week 9 Meeting Minutes
## Team #16: Githubbies
### Details 
- **11/21/22 1:00PM - 3:00PM**
- **Location: Geisel Library 1st Floor**

### Attendance: 
- [x] Shubham Kumar (TA)
- [x] Gunwoo Kim (Lead)
- [ ] Abishek Siva (Lead)
- [x] Maximillian Chen
- [x] Chun Hang Chan
- [x] Raymond Umbas
- [x] Shantelle Serafin
- [x] Jerry Wang
- [x] Xiangyi Lin
- [x] Tianyu Chen
- [x] Hung-I Huang

### Notes:
- Shubham said we are done weith our basic features.
- Needs to setup Unit Testing in the pipeline. 

- checkpoint ADR
- checkpoint Video
- CICD pipeline
  - lint is good
  - add more!!
    - js docs
    - unit tests
- retro+sprint review (have it in the repo) 

- new variable `currentState` not done in hello-page

- split work between, writing docs to setting up the pipeline

- issue board is good
- CRUD is there
  - major part is done!
- improve the pipeline (focus on this)
- other task like testing and docs

- come up with code freeze date, don't push code. just test/polish repo!!!!!!
  - friday of week 10 or something
  - needs to make video for the class as final assignment

- document page name is 'document'

- do retro and sprint every week.

- group-sprint file should be split into week 6, sprint-review and retrospective 


### Goal:


### Agenda:

